.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.hy
.TH WORMUX 6 "October 28, 2007"
.SH NAME
Wormux \- A convivial mass murder game.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B wormux [-h|--help] [-v|--version] [-p|--play] [-i|--internet] [-s|--server] [-c|--client [ip]] [-d|--debug debug_masks]
.br
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Have the mascots of your favorite free software battle in the Wormux
arena using dynamite, grenades, baseball bat and other weapons ...
Exterminate your opponent in a funny 2D toon-style scenery.
.PP
Each player (2 minimum, on the same PC) controls the team of his
choice (tux, gnu, firefox, wilber,...) and must destroy his
adversaries using more or less casual weapons.
.PP
Although a minimum of strategy is required to be victorious, Wormux is
pre-eminently a "convivial mass murder" game where, turn by turn, each
team attempts to produce maximum damage to their opponents.
.br
.SH CONTROLS
* Key left/right: walk to the left / to the right
.br
* Key up/down: Aim up/down
.br
* Key shift: Smaller aim increment/decrement when used with up or down. Smaller step while walking
.br
* Key 'b': ("Backwards") jump
.br
* Key enter: ("Horizontal") jump
.br
* Key backspace: ("Vertical") jump
.br
* Key tab: Switch to next or previous (when Ctrl is pressed too) character
.br
* Key 'c': Recenter to active character
.br
* Key space: Shoot. Exceptions: the parachute is automaticly deployed, 
  and teleportation is made with a mouse click. 
  Warning: The automatic bazooka and air strike first need a target to be selected (select it with a left click)
.br
* Mouse right click: Show/hide weapons menu
.br
* Mouse left click on the map: Select a target for teleportation, automatic bazooka, or air strike
.br
* Mouse left click on a character: Make it active (if it's allowed)
.br
* Mouse move next to screen borders: Move the map
.br
* Key F1, F2, ... F5: Change weapon in category 1, 2, ... 5
.br
* Key F10: Toggle Fullscreen
.br
* Key 'p': Pause the game
.br
* Key escape: Leave the game (confirmation necessary)
.br
.SH SEE ALSO
.br
Have a look at the official website http://wormux.org
On the website, you will find some useful help:
.br
* List of weapons: http://wormux.org/wiki/en/weapons.php
.br
* List of maps: http://wormux.org/wiki/en/maps.php
.br
  * How to write your own map: http://wormux.org/wiki/Create_your_own_map.php
.br
* List of skins: http://wormux.org/wiki/en/skins.php
.br
* Forum: http://www.wormux.org/forum/
.br
.SH AUTHOR
Wormux was written by:
.br
- Jean-Christophe DUBERGA <jcduberga@gmx.de>
.br
- Laurent DEFERT SIMONNEAU <lodesi2@yahoo.fr>
.br
- Lawrence AZZOUG <lawrenceazzoug@wanadoo.fr>
.br 
- Matthieu FERTRE <matthieu.fertre@free.fr>
.br 
- Renaud LOTTIAUX <renaud.lottiaux@free.fr>
.br
- Victor STINNER <victor.stinner@haypocalc.com>
.PP
This manual page was originally written by Jean Parpaillon <artefact@altern.org>,
for the Debian project (but may be used by others). It is maintained by the Wormux team.
